So this was a bunch of work which we spend here on this app on the shop app.
You'll learn a lot about how to build apps in general how to handle user input how to store data on
servers and how to add authentication with users scope data to your users how to at all to log in and
order log out.
And so much more.
Now you can always dive deeper at authorization add extra checks use that refresh token and these are
all great practices but with the things you learned in distant the previous modules you should have
a very solid set of skills to gather with what you learned early in the course.
Two already built amazing native applications with React Native with all these core features you need
and so many applications no missing pieces which will be covered in the next modules of course are for
example how you can tap into native device features like using the camera or maps and we'll have a look
at this stair.
So let's continue.